We're gonna go back to Doggo Fetch and
go down to TODO 2.
And what we're going to do,
is complete another little
utility function that we need.
What this utility function
getBreedFromURL does, is it's
gonna take in a string representing
a URL that has a format like this.
It's gonna be like
https://images.dog.ceo/breeds/,
and then some dog breed,
and then some image name
that we have no idea what
that part is gonna be,
in this example it's poodle standard and
then and no2.
Those are gonna be whatever we know.
What we want,
is to return the breed name as
a string that we can use
like standard poodle.
So poodle-standard
becomes standard poodle.
And what we're gonna also have to
contend with here is that sometimes,
so the URL is always gonna start with
https://images.dog.ceo/ breeds/,
but some of these dog breeds,
if we look up in my breeds list,
some of them have multiple words,
and others, like Beagle,
do not have multiple words,
unlike poodle standards.
So sometimes It's just
gonna be one word and
then some other blahd,
blah, blah, who knows what?
So what we need to do is, we need to
be able to handle either the case
where it's just one word or where it
is two words separated by a minus.
And what we want, in the first case,
we want our function to give
us standard poodle, and
in the second case, we want beagle.
So, this is the type of data processing
where we might find ourselves doing,
sometimes we get data out
in a certain format and
we need it in a different format.
And in this case, it's text data and
we need to actually parse or
process this text data.
There is a handy string method
that we can use here that's
gonna be useful, which is split.
Have folks run into split before?
Maybe not.
So what split does,
is we give it a character,
like here I'm giving it a space character.
And it's gonna return an array
of the different strings
that it gets when it takes this string and
splits it on the delimiting
character that we give it.
So, if we go to our console and
I run Anjanette Sophia Vakil.split,
we get an array with
Anjana as the first thing,
Sophia's the second thing,
Vakil's the last thing.
And then if I use my destructuring
on that, my goodness.
I'm going to be able to pull out
individual parts of that array.
And then the character that
I give it matters, right?
So, if I have this separated by spaces and
I say split on, I don't know,
minus, I only get one thing cuz
there's nothing in there to split.
There's no minus sign to split on or
no hyphen in this case to split on.
So split is gonna come in handy here, and
destructuring is also
going to come in handy.
So our mission, should we choose to
accept it, is write this getBreedFromURL
function that's going to take in a URL in
either one of these formats, either with
a two-word breed separated by one hyphen
or a single-word breed with no hyphen.
And we wanna get out just the breed name.
And in the case of the two-word breeds,
it reverses them,
it goes poodle-standard
instead of standard poodle.
So this is our mission,
should we choose to accept it.